Well, good afternoon, family. Thank you
for joining us again today. We're
going to go over what we
were shown in this last
video. But first, Holy Spirit, I plead
the blood of Jesus right now over this
broadcast. I thank you, Father, over the
internet signal that it doesn't drop or
have any buffering for the people. Thank
you, Father, uninterrupted and
unhindered by any satanic or demonic
force. We apply the blood of Jesus over
our time of prayer today. And Father, as
we pray for the nations, as we pray for
a great harvest of souls to come to know
you, Father, I thank you, Lord, that
there's a covering over it
and
that you have
your way.
You are the potter, we are the clay. And
we're so grateful, Father, for the time
that we have to pray and to seek your
face, and that we will know you more in
the name of Jesus. Amen and amen.
All right. Well, I'll just go over what
I was shown this last time. Now, when I
was looking at this, I'll bring
these scriptures up because
I paused because there was so
much—I
kept pleading the blood because
it was very dark what I was seeing.
It looked like a lot of evil.
These visions were very
detailed, very colorful. They were
stuff I've never seen before
concerning—Hey,
bring up the scripture:
principalities, powers, spiritual
wickedness in Ephesians.
Okay.
All right. So this is
the great falling away.
And I believe what I was seeing was
part of what the scripture talks about:
the great falling away.
This
is
2 Thessalonians chapter 2, verses 1
and
3:
'Now, brethren, concerning the coming of
the Lord Jesus Christ and our gathering
together to him, we ask you not to be
soon shaken in mind or troubled, neither
by spirit or by word or by letter, as
if from us, as though the day of
Christ had come. Let no one deceive you
by any means. For
that day will not come unless the
falling away comes first, and the
man of sin is revealed, the son of
perdition.'So
I saw the falling away.
I saw—and this is what's so
interesting to me as we were praying, and
I'll start with this: I was looking into
Memorial Day and the Lord allowed me to
see the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier.
Praying over the Memorial Day
weekend, which is in two weeks,
and then I was taken to the
250th anniversary. Praying over the
window between Memorial Day
and
the 250th.
As I was shown
France,
I was looking at France and I was
looking at gifts. I was looking at
countries honoring America for the 250th
to President Trump. But I was
looking at some kind—and the Lord said
this is a metaphor,
a
type and shadow.
I saw jewels. I saw these jewels
that looked like they were alive.
There were emeralds,
but I saw this emerald that was the most
beautiful emerald; it looked like a
brooch that was in this gold that looked
transparent. It had diamonds that were
the size of your eyeball.
Humongous diamonds that were all on a
rope, and they were attached to this
beautiful brooch that was transparent
with an emerald that looked alive. It
was on fire.
There was something about this emerald,
but it was drawing you in.
It made you want to keep looking
at it. It was the most beautiful emerald
I've ever seen. It was not of
this world. It was something very
symbolic to these jewels that I was
seeing.
As I was looking at this, I saw a
bloodline of
fallen angels that looked like
lizards—golden
lizards—that
were again something of the
Nephilim.
But the Nephilim
were the fallen race that
was crossbred
with these fallen
angels—the
men that were crossbred with these
angels. So, I was looking at a
bloodline that was preserved and passed
down from generation to generation for
hundreds of years, attached to
the kings
and
royalty,
that they have preserved for a time
of disclosure.
I saw hidden secret files that were in
the United States government that were
about to be revealed. I saw levels of
deception coming. In the days
ahead, I saw that the 40
videos—these
40 different things—were just
toying
with you. They're messing with you. It's
not real. The real disclosure
what they're going to give you is not
real disclosure. It's just messing with
you. It's not like big news. It will
be like, 'Okay, they give you these little
tidbits.'But
I saw a moderate
and an extreme level of deception
that's coming. There were three levels
of deception coming.
As this next level that's
about to come out—that
is moderate—will
shake the nations.
There's something very dark that
they're about to reveal regarding what we were
praying about that's moderate. The Lord
called it moderate. But there is a
severe level that is very deceptive. It
is bad.
As I was looking at this, I saw a golden
pyramid.
But the golden pyramid was attached to
Satan.
The Illuminati was attached to Satan.
And as I was looking into this, I was
taken to the second
heaven, whatever you want to call it.
It was a dimension.
I've always thought Satan was in hell
and he ruled in hell, and that's out of
my ignorance.
But he isn't in hell.
I was looking at something where he has a
kingdom that is above us, and
it was in between heaven,
earth, and hell, and that's where he ruled.
I saw the principalities. Now look
at
this: 'For we do not
wrestle against flesh and blood, but
against principalities, against powers,
against the rulers of the darkness of
this age, against spiritual hosts of
wickedness in the heavenly
places.'The
heavenly places. So the wickedness
in heavenly places. Where is this?
I saw a level of demonic beings that
I never knew existed. You know, whenever
we think of angels,
I always look at the ones with the
wings, and they have armor, and they've
got the
angelic beings that work on our behalf.
But there was something
of darkness that I was looking at that
sucked me in. I was looking at it
and it was so
dark.
I've never seen anything like that
before in my life, and I had to keep
pleading the blood because it was
freaking me out. I did not
tell you what I was seeing,
but spiritual hosts of wickedness in
heavenly places.
There's a level of things that have
never presented themselves to anybody
that are above us,
and spiritual wickedness in heavenly
places
that is over the top of something that I
saw—that
I had a glimpse of.
There's a dimension.
There is
a realm.
I don't know how else to say this. I'm
trying with my human vocabulary to relay
what I was shown,
and I don't know how to. So that's why I
said, 'How do I say—?'I'm trying to find
scriptures.
But it even talks about in Ezekiel, it
talks about Satan and his stones.
And there were stones that Satan had.
Lucifer had these stones. And
they were
fiery.
Braden can find that scripture; I'll
read it to you. Of these stones
that I was talking about—the emerald
that was alive. It was bubbling. It
looked like it had light.
Now, I want to tell you this. Look at
this: 'Satan comes as an angel of
light.'Look
at that one,
2 Corinthians
11.
'And no wonder, for Satan himself
transforms himself into an angel of
light.'2
Corinthians 11:14.
When I was looking at this light, when I
was looking at the devil,
I was looking at this—I don't want to
call it the third heaven, so please
don't sit there and go, 'Brandon, you're misquoting
it wrong.'It's
probably the
second, whatever this is. I saw a
realm—that's
all I can tell you. I saw His
throne; I saw His kingdom. And there
were fallen angels all around
this road that led to a throne.
They were all dingy,
golden-looking
colors. Some of them looked like Chewbacca
from
Star Wars, but they
were
black and white colors, not red like
Chewbacca.
These things
looked hairy. They looked like something
out of a Star Wars movie.
This was darkness like I've never seen
before. These
were
alien, deity-looking things like
I've never seen before.
I want to call them the fallen ones; I
don't know what else to
call this.
I want you to see this: Ezekiel
28:14-17.
'You were the anointed cherub who
covers;
I
established
you.
You were on the holy mountain of
God; you walked back and forth in the
midst of the fiery stones.
You were perfect in your ways from the
day you were created till iniquity was
found in you.
By the abundance of your trading,
you
became filled with violence within
and
you sinned.
Therefore I cast you as a profane thing
out of the mountain of God and destroyed
you, O covering cherub,
from
the midst of the fiery
stones.'These
are the stones I was looking
at. They looked like they were
on fire.
I saw a room
with
these stones.
They were like all kinds of
different emeralds, and
it was in a room that had
caves leading to one major
stone that looked
like an oval. It was perched on a
granite thing and it shined out like
light.
When I looked at it, it filled my
spiritual
eye
so brightly, but it
started to draw me in like a
tractor
beam, and I had to resist it because it
was pulling me in and sucking me in. Chapter 2: Find
scriptures to stand on.
I didn't like it.
The darkness that I was feeling was
overwhelming,
and that's why I ended it abruptly. I
did not know what to do with what I was
shown. Afterwards, I had to pray in
the spirit for hours.
It drew me in like a
tractor
beam.
There was something so dark about this
light
that Satan was over.
I want you to hear this:
'You
walked back and forth in the midst
of the fiery stones.
You were perfect in your ways from the
day you were created till iniquity was
found in you.'These stones were
beautiful—something
I've never seen
before. I saw two of them. It says
'stones'—there's
more than one. I was
shown two, and one of them was emerald.
It had to do with the Nephilim.
He comes as an angel of
light
and he will deceive the nations in the
days ahead.
2 Corinthians 11:14: 'And no wonder, for
Satan himself transforms himself into an
angel of
light.'Matthew
24:24:
'For false Christs and false prophets will
rise and show great signs and wonders
and deceive, if possible, even the
elect.'He's
going to come as an
angel of light with these false
prophetic voices and beings,
and they will deceive the nations. You're
going to see signs and wonders. The
Lord warned me that in the days
ahead there will be a
darkness to deceive, and you'll see
miracles flow from these prophetic
people and churches
that will present a false gospel—a gospel
that has
compromise,
suggesting
more than one way to heaven than
Jesus Christ. They'll
say,
'Well, we
have
to accept everything. Sin
is
okay; grace covers
it.'You
can live
the way you want to live, basically.
But they're going to show you signs and
wonders,
and people are going to get healed. But
it's
going to be demonic, powered by the
devil himself to come as
an angel of light to deceive you.
You must be on guard and have
discernment for what's about to be
brought to the world.
I'm trying to tell you what I saw, and
the only way I know how is
by bringing these scriptures out
and telling you that you're going to
have to be on guard. The Lord said
you must know His Word more than you
know your name.
You've got to get that Bible down inside
of your heart and make it a pillar and a
foundation, for there's great deception
coming.
You're going to be looking at it and
going, 'Well, did you not see that
guy's arm grew
out?'Everything
he's preaching must
be right
because we've never seen miracles like
that before. The dead
were
raised or whatever. I'm
just trying to put this out to you
so that you understand:
false Christs and false prophets will
rise and show great signs and wonders
to deceive, if possible, even the elect.
He's coming as an angel of light
to deceive the nations.
They're all going to like him and think he's awesome.
But
remember
that you must have great discernment
regarding
what they're saying. There's only one
way to the Father, and that's the Lord
Jesus Christ.
Muhammad can't
save you; Buddha can't save you. No
false god can save you. The only one
that can save you is Jesus Christ.
He died for you and rose again on the
third day.
If anybody else tells you there
are
other ways to the Father than Jesus,
run. I don't care what they're
prophesying
or
declaring or what miracles
they're performing.
If they're telling you there are other
ways to the Father than
Jesus, run.
There's going to be many false Christs
and
many people telling you things in the
days ahead. There's a great deception
coming to the world, and you'd better have
your eyes open. You'd better know this
Bible more than just some YouTube person
telling you a word.
You'd
better have a revelation
of the Word yourself.
Read the Bible.
Don't trust anybody on YouTube
if
they try to go away from this. Read
this; make this the foundation in
your life. You're running out of time.
It's not time to play church. There
are
many charismatic circles that are
going to be exposed in the days
ahead. There's going to be much darkness
exposed.
A lot of you just drink the
Kool-Aid.
You've got to find the Word for
yourself.
Mega-churches
are about to
go down.
It's going to look like God is cleaning
house in the days ahead. You're
going to see it in California
and
on the East
Coast. You're going to see people
you've been listening to on
YouTube and TV,
and you're going to
be like, 'Oh my gosh, my faith is so
shaken,'because
you didn't have a
backbone like a crowbar in the
beginning and you were fed porridge the
whole time. You must learn the Word for
yourself. You've got to get a backbone
like a crowbar or you're going to be
deceived. 'For
false Christs and false prophets will
rise and show you great signs and
wonders to deceive, if possible, even the
elect.'Who
is He talking to? The elect.
People who feel like they have
some knowing, some backbone to them.
I'm telling you, I saw Satan coming as
an angel of light. And when I saw those
stones, it sucked me in.
I was looking at them, and the Lord said,
"I'm allowing you to see this for a
reason."There
are
levels of deception
about to be revealed to the world to
deceive the nations. And
we're not just talking about the
believers, ladies and gentlemen; I'm
talking about the unbelievers.
The Antichrist is going to rule for a
reason, and he's going to be able to
deceive the nations. They'll give over
their kingdoms to him in one hour.
That's what the Bible says.
So, what other scripture did I tell you to
pull up?
Now, brethren, concerning the coming of
the Lord Jesus Christ and our
gathering together to him, we ask you
not
to be soon shaken in mind
or
troubled, either by spirit
or by word or by letter, as if from us,
as though the day of Christ had come.
Let no one deceive you by any means, for
the day will not come unless a falling
away comes first and the man of sin is
revealed, the son of
perdition.
So don't let anybody deceive you. A
falling away is coming.
Those are the things that I keep
reading over and
going over. I'm
like, "Lord, what did you show me?"I saw
this heaven, this
dimension is what I want to
call it. I saw portals, and they were
alive and breathing. They
looked like a face; it looked like it
was alive, but it was
layers of light, and you could go
through them to different
dimensions and places.
I was trying to figure
out what I was looking at.
This wasn't in hell.
I didn't see him in hell. He had a
throne, a demonic
throne.
It looked like something like the
stars—when
you take pictures from NASA
with
the Hubble telescope, it looked
like that.
It looked like something out of this
world.
As I was seeing President
Trump,
I saw
gifts. I saw an unveiling of
what they have been waiting for
because they're wanting the Mahdi to
come. I saw things being exposed and
cleansed, and they wanted some of this
stuff to come out. I saw the King of
England. Darkness is settling in. He
will rise up as a scorpion in the days
ahead,
followed by his grandson George. George
is not king. I said he will become very
vocal in his latter years, around
seventeen
years old or whatever he was.
I saw him as a young man, but he
became
very vocal and had a glow about him.
You say, "Well, why
do you say glow?"because it draws you in.
It's not the Holy Ghost.
His voice will become amplified.
I did not see the father, but the
young man
was not king; his voice
was like an ambassador.
Now I want you to hear
what the king says. He
came
to America two weeks ago,
and I said
things were shaken. There was a darkness
on Trump's right shoulder
as he stood next to him, and I said
there was a cloaking of darkness and
things were shaken under the
table—what
was said that you did not know.
Watch what he
says now. Are you going to listen and
have ears to hear where we are in the
end times? I said, "Watch England, watch the
king, watch what happens in the days
ahead."A
great darkness is
coming.
And you know what's interesting?
He has his crown on and his
staff.
Listen to what he says right
here:
"My ministers will also proceed with
the introduction of digital ID that will
modernize how citizens interact with
public
services."So,
you're going to have to have a
digital ID in England soon. They're
going to modernize it, and you're not
going to be able to have public services
without it. They're getting
you ready for the mark of the beast.
The digital ID is about to be unfolded
in England. What was said in America two
weeks ago?
China—he's
there right now. President
Trump is in China.
What is being discussed? What agreements
are being made? I said a shot in the arm
in the economy is coming.
Then the Senate committee
passed the Crypto
Clarity Act, 15
to
9.
They're bringing it into
the next phase. It passed today.
What is attached to clarity?
What is attached to crypto? A beast
system. I went in the spirit, and the
Lord allowed me to say this. He said,
"Who is
Satoshi
Nakamoto?"He
said, "I'll show you who he was.
Who is the founder of Bitcoin?"He said,
"I'm going to show you something. I'm
never going to tell you what I saw about
who he is,
but the Lord said, 'I will allow you to
see who this individual
is.'"So
I was allowed to see this,
and it was nothing like I thought.
Who is the creator of
crypto?
Who is the creator of Bitcoin?
Who is the creator of all this?
They were wearing a black cloak
and had no face
that I was allowed to tell you about.
The Lord said something to me about the
whole thing today; I
was
allowed to go into meetings and hear
things.
He said, "I want you to pray over
this for what's coming.
It's coming faster than it's ever
come
before."Brandon,
the harvest of souls—the harvest is
plentiful and the laborers are few. There
are
so many of you who do not
realize where we are in this
dispensation of grace, and it's coming
to an end.
The sun is setting on this dispensation
of grace. Great tribulation is about to
begin.
Are you ready for the coming of the Lord
Jesus Christ?
Digital ID is about to come mainstream,
and King Charles is declaring it over
his people.
Where are you with the signs of the
times?
Where's your heart right now? If you
were to die today, where would you spend
eternity?
As I was looking at the stone,
the fire,
and
what was described in
Ezekiel,
it shook me.
I thought, "Man, Brandon's strong,"but he
comes
as an angel of light.
I had to take moments and pray
because I thought I was strong with the
Lord, but the devil will come to deceive
the nations.
The only way you're going to get
through the days ahead
is by leaning confidently in the
Lord Jesus Christ.
In between my sleep and my wake, the
Lord gave me an asteroid name. I didn't
know what it was, but he
gave me the letters and
numbers of an actual asteroid that they
have, and he said, "They're not telling
you about this."He gave me the exact number of something. He gave me the
exact
numbers of a rock they've named,
and
he said they know it's coming.
I warned you what he said.
He gave me the exact number; it
had a
dash and numbers.
He said, "This one's going to hit
the
Earth."I
want you to understand, I'm not
trying to scare you; I'm trying to
prepare you. They know something's
coming.
When I heard the name and he
told it to me, he said,
"Tell your wife this,"because
Diana's
smarter than me—I don't
understand what I'm looking at.
When he gives me numbers and things, I
go, "Okay."I gave it to her, and
she studied it and said, "Brennan,
you're freaking me out a little
bit."I
said, "Yeah, well, this is
what the Lord
said."He
talked about an asteroid,
this rock that's coming—I don't know if
it's
an asteroid or a meteor.
He said
it's coming,
and it's coming sooner than you think.
And he said, 'I warned you from April 1st
to
September 11th, 9/11,
that a great acceleration of things was
coming.'A
great acceleration of signs in
the heavens with these aliens—all this
stuff they're unveiling, all
this demonic stuff
they're talking about. Okay. Then newly
discovered asteroid 2026
JH2
is about to have a very close encounter
with the Earth at a distance of just
whatever AU. It's all this stuff they're
talking about, finding these rocks. Okay.
I saw the day this happens and they
ground all the flights.
I'm going to tell you this: I saw
all the flights were grounded. They won't
allow the planes to go up because of
particles that were flying with it, and
they were slightly behind it, worried
about the planes falling down like you
were shooting missiles at them. And
there were so many
little particles and so much stuff about
to enter into our atmosphere that the
flights were grounded for a whole
day—all
of them. And they wouldn't allow
it
because they didn't want them to be like
skeet
shooting.
Does that make sense? skeet shooting. They
didn't want the skeet shooting to be
planes and they didn't want them to be
struck from the top down.
And I saw them grounding all
the flights because metal is thin with a
rock that's flying that fast. So they
ground them all over the place. They
would not let commercial jets fly this
day. It was bad. All flights. It looked
like
there were no flights in the sky, like it
was 9/11.
I saw when this major rock
hits, it hits in the water in the
Atlantic Ocean
again. I saw more, but it
hits so deep and it
hits the Earth's surface. It
creates gases. It creates some kind of
water to boil. It causes the water to
cook. Again, I've seen it. This is
something very serious when I was
praying about it. And when I saw it
coming, it busted all the glass out of
the houses where it flew over that area
and it sounded like a
thousand trains.
It was deafening. The Lord even showed
me people's ears bleeding from the
loudness of the explosion as it
goes over your house.
It causes great disturbance.
This is what I saw yesterday—or what was
it? What day was that? Yeah, it wasn't
today. It had to be
yesterday.
I didn't make a video because I was
upset about everything. So then we
see all this new stuff.
Everybody's sending me this stuff
saying, 'Hey, Brandon, do you see this
guy? You see this guy?'It goes with
what the Lord is showing me.
He's a young kid. He has a YouTube
channel. He looks probably in his
30s. Everybody's talking about him.
He does astronomy stuff.
Diana said, 'Brandon,
look at this,'and she showed me all the
pictures of this guy talking about stuff,
and we're about to enter into this belt
or some kind of debris and all this
stuff. He's a YouTuber, and so I
don't know his name and... there you are.
That's him. The young kid,
Steven Burns.
Yeah, Stephen who?
Burns.
Burns. Okay. Now he has a YouTube
channel. And this was sent to
Diana from some of you viewers. And
you can't play it because
I don't want him to strike my channel
for playing his stuff. I don't know him.
But he is talking about
stuff out there that is being
discovered. There's something about
to happen is basically what he's
saying. To make a long story short,
it goes with what the Lord's warning me
about.
When? I don't know.
I see in part, hear in part. If I got
the whole thing, people would be looking at
me. And it's not about Brandon Biggs.
This is about Jesus. We attract to
deflect. I point you to the cross. I
point you to the Savior. I am Brandon.
This isn't about Brandon and the Brandon
show. This is about Jesus Christ and me
telling you that it's time for you to
repent and come to the saving knowledge
of the Lord Jesus Christ. And make it a
heart thing because you're running out
of time.
This isn't about how important
Brandon is, how much the channel's
growing or whatever. It's about me
telling you it's time for you to fall on
your knees and repent before a holy God.
You must get your heart right. You must
get into the word. You must go to
church. You must find Him.
Seek Him daily.
Not just on Sundays and when it's
convenient.
Christianity is not convenient.
It's to die to self.
It's not an easy walk,
telling your flesh to shut up.
But when you crucify your flesh and you
seek Him daily, you will find Him
and He will become real to you.
Don't have compromise in your heart.
Don't be lukewarm.
Be all in for Jesus.
Be those virgins that had their
lamps full of oil. Don't be like the
other five that were like, 'Well, we
know He's coming.'But as they went to
go find the oil because they did not
prepare themselves for the bridegroom,
He came when they were not there. And
when they came back, it was too late.
He came for the ones that were ready. He
came for the ones whose lamps were
full of oil. And when they say, 'Can we
borrow some of yours?'they say, 'No. Are
you kidding me? We've been sacrificing.
We've been looking for Him. We know He's
coming. We're expecting the unexpected.
We're expecting for Jesus to come.
Have your lamp full of oil.
Stay under the spout where the glory
comes out.
Drink from the well that never runs dry.
All these signs are happening all around
us. But what are you doing with it?
With the blood moons and the
things we had in early
2014—the
blood moons—and everybody
was
freaking out about the blood moons and
John Hagee wrote books, everybody
wrote books about the blood moons. But we
seem, as a frog in a pot, we
forget about the books. We forget about
the warnings that we had 10 years ago.
It's been 10 years plus, 11, 12 years some
of
it.
But people become desensitized to the
signs that are around us and we
lay it aside and go, 'Well, you
know, we heard about that. It was a
big
nothing.'But
because you didn't see it when you
thought it would happen
with the comet and the star
of Bethlehem—remember that big star? It
was back
in the early... what was that? 2000
during COVID, and we sat out in the
parking lot because we couldn't go in
anywhere. When was that, Braden?
2019, 2020?
And we saw the big bright light in
the sky in the west. Does anybody
remember that? It was big bright
planets that joined together and it
formed this big bright light.
It was Jupiter
and I think something else, and everybody
was
freaking out, 'Oh my gosh,
look at that.'And it was for days,
but as time goes by,
we go, 'Oh, well, I forgot about that.
No big
deal.'He
said He would give us signs
to warn us in Genesis.
He told us. But there's so many of us
that become desensitized to the signs.
And as we see these meteors and these
asteroids and plagues and pestilence and
wars and rumors of wars and we see the
falling away and
the cleaning of the church, for judgment
begins in the house of the Lord first.
Don't become the ostrich with his head
in the sand and be looking down and not
looking up.
It's time to repent before a holy God
and come to Jesus before it's too late.
The ark is closing, ladies and
gentlemen. It's happening all around us.
As the days of Noah, so will it be.
Noah knew the flood was coming and he
tried to warn everybody around him,
but no one
had ears to hear and they
perished.
I'm trying to warn you as in the days of
Noah—here
we are again. The Lord warned
us, Jesus warned us in Matthew 24,
as the day approaches. Here we are.
It's happening all around us. Well,
Brandon, what if it's another 10 years?
What if it is? But at least your lamp's
full and you're having an expectation
for His return.
There are warnings all around us.
The lights are flashing as
bright as they can. There is a dead end.
Matthew
24:37-39:
'But as
the days of Noah were, so also will
the coming of the Son of Man be.
For as in the days before the flood,
they were eating and
drinking,
marrying and giving in marriage, until
the day that Noah entered the ark,
and did not know until the flood came
and took them away. So also will
the coming of the Son of Man
be.'So
you'll be eating and drinking and
marrying and doing everything, and here
comes the flood.
All my heart is, as I saw
these fallen-looking,
demon-looking things,
alien fallen angels, the principalities
of darkness—go
back to that Ephesians, I want you to
think about that.
We are always binding the
principalities.
There's a principality coming against us
right there; you passed it, baby. 'For we do
not wrestle against flesh and blood,
but against
principalities...'People
stick on that in Christianity, and
especially in the charismatic world.
Principalities and
demons and principalities coming against
us, against powers. We forget about those:
against the rulers of the darkness of
this age, against spiritual hosts of
wickedness in the heavenly
places. And that's what I believe I was
seeing, that there was something
very dark that looked like things off
Star Wars, and I saw a
celebration
as these files were coming out.
I saw brooches, jewels,
and
things, and I saw a great
deception
coming.
And many people will believe
and drink the Kool-Aid in the days
ahead. Chapter
three: prayer.
Don't be one of them just because they
prophesy, just because they lay hands on
people and you see them recover. Judge
and test the spirits. You must know and
have great discernment. Don't follow the
piper. Remember the Pied Piper
who
played the flute and all the children
followed him? It was so dark. In the fairy
tale, he played the flute, and all the
people followed him.
Don't follow the piper.
Follow the voice of the
Lord—that
still, small voice on the inside of
you. And if you have a check, run.
He will show you that which is to come.
And the investments and the things that
I believe we're about to see are the
stimulus for the economy, for midterms,
and
for things. The man just
got sworn in yesterday;
Clarity Act and voted on. Things are
happening
with
Kevin
Warsh,
so Jerome Powell's looking for a
job today. So we will continue to lift
things up. I think I touched on
it well
enough. Do you think I touched on
that well
enough?
Yeah. And you saw the skeleton of the
gods or whatever.
Oh yeah. I saw over Seattle.
I saw two hands that looked like
Grim
Reaper hands that had moss growing down,
webbing hanging down off of it. And they
clapped their hands together and they
plowed across the land of America.
Wow, that was amazing. Did you hear my
stomach do that? It went
'bam'and
they slapped,
and he plowed his hands from Seattle
across America.
Now, I don't know what that was, but it
was creepy.
And I saw a black cloak and gauze,
this webbing coming off his hand as things
that were agreed upon. And the Lord
said, 'This is from May 25th to the
4th.'Praying
for this time frame. And I
saw the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier. I
saw flowers, carnations on a
wreath
that were red, white, and blue.
You remember that?
And then I saw praying over the 17th,
which is this Sunday. But I don't have
as
much caution about that as I do
about Memorial Day—praying for Memorial Day
and the decisions that
will be made. Praying still. I saw
that the United States government—we win
the House by a majority, a big
number. But I still see the Senate; to
lose the Senate by three. So pray over
our Senate and the House. But the House,
in my heart, I feel like it's
a
slam dunk still. I feel no
urgency about the House as much. But
that doesn't mean to let your guard down;
that still means prayer.
There's something major stirring
about keeping the House. But
the Senate, I see us losing the Senate to
the Democrats by three. So we pray for a
flipping of that, okay? That we win the
House and the Senate. But it's more about
the governors. Don't lose sight of the
importance of the governors for
their next term.
Some of that will be during the virus,
in my opinion.
To pray for the four years
for people like
Stitt
in Oklahoma, praying over your
governor. You know, the President
didn't make a lot of those decisions; it
was your governors and your mayors that
shut down your cities, like
where we are living. The mayor said,
'Well, we're going to let you go to
Walmart today, but we're closing it down.
Sorry. You can't go downtown. You can't
do this. You have to stay in your
house.'And
the sheriff enforced it. And the night
sheriff in the county
we were in said, 'I'm not doing none of
that.'He
was
a patriot in my opinion.
So we continued to pray over the
Hanta
virus or whatever, and
we'll pray over that. You know, people
are making a video. I told you I don't
believe this is the virus; I believe this
is a trial run for what I believe they're
trying to release in the days
ahead. Do I believe it's this one? No, I
don't. I believe this is a
forerunner,
a
test run.
A test run;
that's a better word.
So,
okay. So, there's an underwater bomb
discovered at a dam that supplies
drinking water to the entire city of
Mobile, Alabama. Now, that's
interesting.
Did that just happen? Yep.
Who put that there?
Is that part of these crazies
that I'm talking about? The Red Dawn
experience. I said we have an
infiltration of all these major
cities
by
people that were let in here
Joe Biden. And then, don't you think
it's interesting as the president's gone
that we have Gabbard—what's her
name, the CIA? Tulsi
Gabbard.
Yeah.
Her office was raided by the FBI
while
President Trump's out of the
country and they stole it. They took the
JFK files and
whatever else.
The CIA... and I remember I saw a coup
coming.
Worse, I saw a coup, the 25th Amendment.
The Lord said pray about the 25th
Amendment and a coup, and I saw
an
individual, a lizard, a chameleon in the
White House, a chameleon that was a lizard
that was able to blend in both ways, any
way he wanted. To
say, 'Watch this 25th Amendment.'It would be
like January the 6th on steroids.
And then President Trump's gone and we
have one individual still here. And then
we have CIA raids. It's
not an FBI raid; it's a CIA raid into a
government official's office taking all
the stuff.
That's interesting. I wonder why they
waited until Trump was gone.
Maybe that was by design. Maybe not.
I'm trying not to be a
conspiracy theorist, but
isn't
that interesting?
So, do you have that?
I want them to see it.
And this just in, John: 'The CIA just
raided Tulsi Gabbard's office. Agents
hauled out dozens of boxes, files on the
JFK assassination, and MK Ultra, the CIA
mind control operation, which she was in
the process of declassifying. Today's
whistleblower said it during his
deposition, and Congresswoman Anna
Paulina Luna
confirmed it moments
ago.'The
reason why this is troubling is there
was an executive order that the
president had directed the full
declassification of JFK, but then also
the MK Ultra files. The CIA famously
has said that all were
released.
The Lord just... I just got corrected.
If you're here today
and you've never accepted Jesus Christ
as your Lord and personal Savior,
the Lord said, 'You missed it. You
didn't give him an opportunity to come
to me when I put that video
on.'He
said, "I'm pulling on their hearts right
now."You
went to a video, and he
corrected me. I apologize to you;
he rebuked me sternly.
The very shoes you put on today, the
undertaker might be taking them off
tonight.
It's your day of salvation right
now.
When I'm telling you all this stuff,
it's time for you to make a
choice.
Search your heart right now. If you were
to die today, where would you spend
eternity? There's a heaven to gain and a
hell to shun. But I'm going to tell you,
more importantly: you may think you
know Jesus, but does he know you?
Have you made him your Lord and personal
Savior? There
are
many of you that have a
worldly, stone-like
image—like
Jesus in a picture with the shroud
and all this stuff. You may think you
know that, and well, that's Jesus. Yeah,
that's Jesus. No. But is Jesus personal
to you?
I'm not talking about a Catholic faith
or
the Baptist.
I'm not talking about
some kind of religious experience;
I'm talking about intimacy and a
relationship with him. Whenever he
becomes real to you
and you become real to him, you
can say,
"I know him. We talk. How are you
doing today? I missed
you.""I
had a rough day today, Lord. I
got persecuted pretty hard, but I'm
still
standing.""I
know. I saw you.
I'm proud of you. Keep standing. I'm
pleased with what you're doing. Keep
going.""Oh
God, that was a rough day
today.""I'm
sharing in your
sufferings."It's
all about relationship.
Do you know him?
And more importantly, does he know you?
Today's your day for salvation. I
want you to get real with God. And when
you get real with God, God will become
real with you.
Stop being religious and weird. Get just
a personal relationship with Jesus
Christ. It's not about religion
or
whatever
you think it is. People have made
some kind of wall between him and us,
but
there is no wall. He tore the veil;
he rent it. There is no
separation from us. We can come right
into his throne room boldly. The day we
accept Lord Jesus Christ as
our Lord and we invite him into our
heart, we are wall-to-wall Holy Ghost and
we have liberty. We are able to go
right into his throne room and say,
"Hey, how are you doing? I miss you. I
want you."We are joint-heirs with
Jesus Christ. As he is, so are we in
this world, and he dwells on the inside
of you richly by faith. But so
many people have made it some kind
of religious act.
It's
just, "Hey, I'm having a bad day. I'm
really ticked off.
Can you just be so real to me?"I'm so
tired of religion.
And when you get real with God, God will
become the fire—he's a fire shut up
in my bones.
So if that's you today and you're
listening to me, you say,
"Brandon, I want that. I want a
relationship with Jesus
Christ."The
first step is just surrendering,
giving him all,
and saying, "Jesus, I
can't do this without
you."If
I'm talking to you today and you
walk through the door of salvation,
then the next step is the baptism of the Holy
Ghost, finding a good
church, and doing all those things. But
today is your day for salvation.
I want you to be bold in your
decision. If I'm talking
to you and you say, "I'm tired of
playing games. I don't want to do this
anymore.
I'm at the end of my rope, but
I need Jesus. Today's my day,"I want
you to just get real right now.
Say in the comment section,
"I want to be saved.
Braden,
pray for me. I want to come
home. I'm like the prodigal. I ran from
God."God
never turned his back on
you, but you turned your back on him.
You know you're not living right,
and today's your day. You say, "Brandon, I
want to come home. I want to do right.
I want to turn from my wicked ways. I
want to
repent."He's
an ever-present help in
a time of need. He's always there. His
arms are wide open and he's saying,
"Come to me. I want to help
you."But
he's a gentleman. What's amazing
about our friend is he's a gentleman.
He'll never force you to do anything.
He's always there, knocking on the door of your heart, saying,
"Will you let me
in?"He
doesn't force himself.
He's gentle. "Will you let me
in?""Yes.
I can't do this. I need
you."And
he's always there;
he
loves you.
If somebody loves you enough to die for
you and suffer the way he did, that's
love.
There is no greater love than this: than
a man who lays down his life for a
friend. He loves you.
So this afternoon, wherever
you are, I want you to be all in
and just
confess it right now. Say
this simple prayer with me, and the
moment you do, I believe you are born
again. You're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost; he
dwells on the inside of you, and
he will change you from the inside
out. But I want you to repeat this
prayer. Say, "Jesus,
I believe you are the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose
again on the third day. I believe that
there is no other way to get to heaven
other than through you.
I denounce Satan. I denounce my sin. I
denounce false religion. I denounce
Buddha and Muhammad. I denounce any kind of
false god. I'll never
touch them again. I'll never worship them
again. I will only worship you.
I dedicate my life to you, Jesus. I give
you my all
and I surrender all to you. I
repent for worshiping false gods. I
repent for worshiping the devil. I
repent for the sin I was committing.
From this day forward, I'll serve you
with all my heart. Write my name in the
Lamb's Book of Life.
Today's my day. I have a new clean
start. You said, 'Behold, I make all
things
new.'So
thank you, Jesus, that today I'm
new. Thank you, Lord, that I'm born
again. And if I were to die
today, I'll be with you in paradise
forever.
Amen."I
believe if you just
said that prayer, you just gave your
heart to Jesus Christ. Now, what do you
do? You go to a Bible-believing church—a church
that preaches the Word and
isn't just
skinny jeans and fog
machines. If that's where you start,
fine, but don't stay there. I'd go to a
church that preaches the Word and
preaches how to stir you up and
fight the devil off.
A lot of you are anemic; you don't even
know how. But you've got to get in the
Word and get this Word down inside
of you; it will change you from the
inside out. And you say, "Brandon, I
don't have a Bible."We will send you a
Bible absolutely for free, just to love
on you and tell you welcome home to the
family. Welcome to the kingdom of God.
All you have to do is email us at the address in the
description down below and put
"I got born again today"in the
subject line.
Tell us your name and your
address, and we won't bother you
or
solicit you.
We just
want to tell you welcome home.
We'll send
you a New King James or an Amplified
Bible for free just to
love on you. So welcome to the
kingdom of God; welcome home.
I would go to a
Bible-believing
church and tell the pastor,
"I got born again watching some
bald-headed
guy on
YouTube, and I want to be water
baptized."Get
water baptized as a
declaration that you're all
in.
Plug yourself into that
church. Go on Sundays and
Wednesdays—whenever
they've got the doors
open—and
just be excited about your decision
to accept Jesus Christ. Come over here,
like, subscribe, and be a part of our
YouTube channel. Pray with us every time
we come on here. I try to do this at
least four to five times a week.
I'm excited that you're
here. Welcome to the Kingdom of God.
You came just in time. I'm
telling you, all 71 of you that accepted
Jesus Christ today, welcome home.
That's wonderful.
Seventy-one
of you in the middle of the afternoon
accepted Jesus, and that is really
great. We're excited about that.
What a number! Seventy-one people.
I knew the Lord told me to put
this video on and do it when we did.
You were
at the right place at the right
time watching, whoever you are. We're
excited you're here.
Isn't
that amazing? In the middle of the
afternoon like that. All right,
well, we're going to go ahead and pray,
then
we'll finish that video. The Lord
corrected me very sternly, and I can
understand why now. He said, 'You missed
it.'I
said, 'Okay,
forgive
me.'Seventy-one
of you just gave your
heart to Jesus.
See, even I am a work in progress.
It shows you right there that I
don't have it all together.
Even when I'm talking, if
I'm
not being sensitive to the
Spirit of the Lord,
he says, 'You go back and fix it. Don't watch
that video; stop it now.'I'm learning
to obey him immediately. I thought we
would
do it after, but the Lord said, 'You
do it now.'So
I
listened
quickly.
Be quick to obey him, even if
your flesh says
otherwise. Isn't
Jesus wonderful that he puts
up with us?
Okay, let's finish that and
then let's pray. You all get the
gist of that, right? They raided her
office and took all her stuff.
That gives you a
rundown of everything that was shown to
us.
I was very concerned about the light.
The devil comes as an angel of
light, and I'm telling you, it will suck
you in like a tractor beam if
you don't know who you are.
All right, let's take
communion and we're going to pray.
It's
already been an hour and ten minutes. Is there anything
else breaking in the world
that
is important to show?
Cuba
is
coming; Cuba is about to be
liberated. I keep
praying over Cuba, and it's going to
have the greatest harvest of souls.
Cuba is going to be a
radical place to be. With healings and
demonstrations, God is going to set them
free from all that witchcraft
over that island.
There's a major shaking coming; 700
miles of island is about to be shaken.
Is it more than 700? Right,
100 miles across and 700 long.
It's a lot of land.
CI Director John Ratcliffe visits Cuba.
Well, guess what? That's interesting.
What is he doing there?
He's
taking
files, and now he's going to Cuba.
A coup—remember I saw a coup?
I won't touch that, though
I guess
I already did. Father, we
just thank you for the Word.
We
thank you, Lord, for your covering over
me, my wife, and my children. We thank
you that we look up because we know
our redemption draws nigh. We apply the
blood of Jesus over us,
over our home, and
over
our children. We thank you for
your covering
over our finances. Father, we
plead the blood. We thank you that
every plot, plan, pursuit,
and
word curse
falls at our feet; it will
not bear fruit in the name of Jesus. We
apply the blood and are in the
right place at the right time, doing
exactly what you've asked us to do
because we have surrendered our
lives
to you.
We take this body in the name of Jesus,
and we know in whom we have believed.
Father, you are our healer and
deliverer. We take this in
the name of Jesus and thank you that
there's an expiration date that starts
today for what we're believing for.
Healing belongs to us. Deliverance
belongs to us.
By your
stripes, Lord, we are healed. We
are
delivered and not tormented in our
minds. We have the mind of Christ.
2nd
Timothy 1:7 says, 'God has not
given you a spirit of fear, but of power
and of love and of a well-balanced
mind.'You
can have that today. I
have the mind of Christ and am not
tormented by fear, for perfect love
casts
out all fear.
Fear has torment, and we're not going to
be tormented by the devil
or
by fear.
Fear tolerated is faith contaminated.
We're not going to allow that to
take
root; we're
going to uproot fear because love abides
in us. God is love,
and we
receive it right now in the name of
Jesus. You have to receive it by faith.
Love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
Love forgives. We walk in
love with those who are persecuting us.
1 Corinthians
talks
about love. You have to walk in love
because faith works by love. If
you want to know why your faith is not
working, look at your love
walk.
How are you treating
people?
Love never fails.
It's not always easy, but
it's
doable
because he equips you with the Holy
Spirit. Love is patient and kind;
it
takes no account of a suffered wrong.
That
is
the key to
your
healing.
Healing flows when faith is flowing, and
if your faith isn't
working, you should check
your love walk,
patience, and love.
Father, we take this body in the name of
Jesus. I am who the Bible says I am.
I can do what the Bible says I can do. I
am
healed, whole, and well by
your stripes, Lord.
No weapon formed against us
shall
prosper, and every tongue that rises
against us, we condemn. We take
this body in the name of Jesus and
believe that today is the expiration
date for what we've been believing for.
From the top of our heads to the soles of
our feet, we're healed and whole
in the mighty name of Jesus. Either
you believe it or you don't;
I'm fully persuaded. Say, 'I'm fully
persuaded that what God has promised, he
is
able also to perform.'I believe
I receive healing over my body in the
name of Jesus. Take the
blood; we make much of the blood, and
the blood makes much of us.
It never loses its power. Great is his
faithfulness to you. We take this
blood in the name of Jesus and lift
it up. The blood
of Jesus covers us
and
makes us whole.
We cover ourselves in the blood right now,
from the top of our
heads
to the soles of our feet. Father,
I plead the blood over
my eyes. If you want to show me
anything which is to come,
we're yielded to you, Holy Spirit.
We
take authority over the lying deceiving
spirits, and we will not be
deceived. We will not follow the devil.
We hear your voice, Lord, because we
are
your sheep, and a stranger's voice we will
not follow.
We apply the blood over this house
and over all of us.
Thank you, Lord, that the blood of
Jesus is covering us right now
and
washes our sin
away. Amen.
Jesus loves you.
We take the blood
so
we can enter in. I always go into
his throne room with communion.
I yield, Holy Spirit. We yield to the
anointing of the prophetic. We yield to
the anointing of the watcher.
And it never loses its power. Oh Father,
we yield to you.
Glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah.
Glory,
glory,
hallelujah.
Glory, glory, hallelujah. His truth is marching on. I believe that's the way the verses go. I don't know all the words to it, but Braden, I find them and if I can't pronounce it, I'll do the best I can with it. But it's about waking up the
church in America. Mine eyes have seen the glory of the coming of the Lord. He is trampling out the vintage where the grapes of wrath are stored. He hath loosed the fateful lightning of his terrible swift sword. His truth is marching on. Glory, glory, hallelujah, glory,
glory,
hallelujah.
Glory,
glory,
hallelujah.
His
truth is marching on. There's something about it. I see a patriotism coming across the land. Why is that? I see the flag. It started on the East Coast and it's going across the land from east to west. There's a patriotism that looks like a flag waving across the land coming up. It's coming on. Oh, he's breaking us. He's singing:
Glory,
glory,
hallelujah.
Glory,
glory,
hallelujah.
Glory,
glory,
hallelujah.
His truth is marching
on. He said to me when I sing that,
'I'm not done with
America yet, Brandon.
I'm not done with America yet, Brandon.
Not until the rapture, there'll be a
shaking like what you're going to see.
I'm not done with America yet. I'm not
done.'He
said it three times. 'I'm not
done with America yet.
Pray for your presence today.
The sky is not falling. A
shaking to awaken is coming, but the sky
is not falling. I'm not done with America
yet.'In
fact, the greatest revival is yet to
happen—greater
than any of the Great
Awakenings.
'I'm
calling
another Great Awakening across your
land. From sea to shining sea, I call
a
Great Awakening across your
land.'He
said it would be a great shaking
across your land.
And what the enemy meant for bad, I'll
turn it around for good.
I'll shake Hawaii. I'll
shake New York. I'll shake Florida. I'll
shake California.
And the greatest harvest of souls is yet
to happen.
It's time for the church to rise up with
a backbone like a crowbar
out of the sea.
I see Israel. I see a flag
wrapping around a baby
around Israel. I see a baby
and it's an
Israel flag. And I see America and
a baby and a flag. A
rebirthing
in
me.
I
see a baby is rebirthing across America.
I see a rebirth of America.
I see it. It will come
to pass. I see our founding
fathers standing above.
I
see
Plymouth Rock. This is the second time I
have seen this vision.
The covenants that were made with me
around Plymouth Rock
still echo before my throne.
And a rebirthing is coming to your
nation.
Don't pay attention to what you see in
the news.
Don't pay attention to the demonic
chatter.
For a great shaking is coming in the
spirit realm, and a shaking and a cleansing
is
coming to my church.
I'm dealing with the sin behind the
pulpits, for judgment begins in my house
first.
And as this rebirthing
comes
forth out of this, America will be
shaken and saved. You will not be a
goat nation, but you will remain a sheep
nation.
I'm not done with America yet.
I'm exposing the darkness
hidden in the caves,
in the offices and files.
I'm exposing the corruption in your
land.
A great cleansing
is coming.
I see the Epstein list.
He said, 'You think they
got away with it in the natural, but
they
didn't.'And
judgment is coming. I see some of them
dying,
just falling over from
a
mysterious
stroke or mysterious heart
attacks. Some have mysterious things
growing
in their groins,
infections
in their groins.
He said they got this even from
prostitutes. I see an infection of pus
coming out of the groins.
And the Lord said,
'You say you got away with it, but you
didn't.
For there will be a great shaking, for
you touched the
children.'And
I call judgment
down on this.
It would be better for you to have a
millstone
tied around your neck and be thrown to the
bottom of the ocean.
I see a millstone you can almost
see off the side of the boat.
A great shaking is coming across your
land.
I'm telling you, a great revival
is coming. A
rebirthing.
He says,
'Speak to it, Braden. Speak to the
valley of bones. Speak to
the bones. Can
these bones live?
Speak to
them.'How
dead is dead?
Nothing's too dead.
I see them, Lord. They're getting their
heart back again, and it
flows
from the floor up.
He's bringing revivalists. He
said,
'I'm bringing
revivalists.
I
used
Rodney as a revivalist. I
will have many
Rodneys.
Fresh new ones like
Charles Finney, John
Wesleys, and
Whitefields.'Brandon,
fresh revivalists
like
Charles
Finney.
He calls them
revivalists.
He said, 'I'm bringing forth new
revivalists.'It's
an
awakening.
You're calling for revival; I'm calling
for
awakening. It's an awakening unto God.
A
shaking
to awakening.
Glory,
glory,
hallelujah.
He said this right now, 'Stop
singing. Listen. There
are
certain prophetic voices that
have
missed
it.'But
he has his hand on you.
There's
some correction coming
towards you,
but as you go through this refining,
your ministry will double in the days
ahead.
It will look like all is dead and that
he's finished with you, but he said, 'I
have brought you to a place because of
the circles that I warned you
about. For pride has set in, and I'm
going to bring a cleansing within.
And in this
purification,
I will bring you back to where you
should have been.
Your voice will be
magnified in the days ahead.
For you are not
dead.'Glory,
glory,
hallelujah.
His truth is marching
on.
And then he said, 'Don't
look for it to be the way you've always
seen it.
Don't have a preconceived idea of how
I'm going to do it.
Behold, I'm going to do something new.
I'm going to do something new. Don't
have a preconceived idea of how I'm
going to rebirth it
in the church. Behold, I'm going
to do something I've never done
before.'He'll
make a river in the desert.
There'll be vineyards you did not plant
and
houses you did not furnish.
He's bringing the wealth of the sinner
laid up for the righteous. And there'll
be places and things where
you have
effortless victories. There'll
be sweatless victories;
you'll just walk into it
because you've been obedient:
the fullness of the fruit, the
fullness of the harvest. The seeds
you've planted in the past will come to
harvest at last.
For the sower and the reaper will go hand
in hand,
and I'm bringing this to pass across my
land.
I'm coming, but not just yet, for the
greatest days of
celebration.
I'm coming back for
a church that is
victorious—not
a weak, anemic, running-away church,
but
a church that is full of my glory.
It's not an escape mentality;
I'm not coming back for an escape
mentality.
You'll leave with joy,
with your heads held high because you
finished the work that I had for
you and I brought you by my side.
So stop with the escape mentality
and
stop being down and out. I've
created you to walk on the serpents and
scorpions and not have a doubt.
Renew your mind with the word.
He says,
'Glory, glory,
hallelujah.'I
see
Rubio;
there's an anointing on Rubio. There
are
some that are two-faced,
for Saul has slain his thousands and
David his tens.
Watch Rubio.
And
Byron—look
at Byron.
For I'll put an anointing on Byron.
There's some compromise there, but it's
only about 25%; we can pray that
out. I see it,
but the Lord said there's much more
I can work with
for Byron.
He's a true African-American.
Now, Obama was mixed,
but
there's something more about this
man—a
true African-American.
Remember what I told you about the
slaves?
I restore back what the cankerworm ate.
I restore back the wealth from the slave
labor; I'll restore it if they'll receive
it. He said, 'I'll restore back
to them ancestral wealth
that they never received and pay; I'll
restore it back to them today. Receive
it.'That's
what he said.
For
the African-Americans,
I see something with this Byron.
The
Lord said, 'Dip in that
river.'Do
you know who I'm talking about, son?
The chubby-cheeked man.
The Lord said, 'There's more to this
man.'To
Byron—yes,
Byron, the African-American man
with the beard.
Byron
Donalds.
I'm telling you, I see his
face and it's bright, and the Lord said
there's just a little bit there, 25%, but there
are
certain things he has to tweak
his thinking on. But he said, 'Brandon,
there's something more you could
pray for this
man.'There's
a fire on him.
Rubio
will
come out of Florida.
There's a mixture with
DeSantis,
50/50.
I see this in the spirit. There's a
50/50 mixture,
but some you would see have dark
hearts toward me.
They're chameleons.
But he is not done with America. Pray
for your leaders. Mike Lindell
is on fumes. Pray for Mike
Lindell; pray for a wind in his sails.
You get weary in
well-doing.
Pray for the sales.
Glory,
glory,
hallelujah.
His truth is marching
on.
Now I'm
in Canada. I can see
a great olive press. I see a great
shaking
in British Columbia. A great
earthquake
is yet to happen.
They'll be trying to separate
even more,
and
they'll be trying to come
over into America.
We call for the church to rise up in
Canada
with the pastors, the
men
among the ministers.
When you get up,
there'll be a great shaking in Canada,
in the
economy.
It's the same with what's going to
happen in England. And then
even in Japan there
are
certain places. It will be
when the Catholic Church is going to
shake—a
shaking
in the
Vatican.
We pray over the decisions that are
being made over Iran and the strait.
There's going to be a great breakthrough
concerning the
Strait;
agreements will be made there.
China is going to be involved in this
Strait.
A new bark's
coming, and I see Trump
wanting
to pull back and start to
focus on this.
I see Taiwan in the midst of it,
bartering
pieces.
Trump's going to make his
own chips. We don't need Taiwan. That's
what he said, and I don't mean that to
be—I'm
just telling you what I heard.
We pray for the people of Taiwan.
Fear God, not man.
I see
them
trying to have a peaceful transition,
but there's really not one.
I see Trump's attitude toward
this, and I see chip manufacturing
trying to rise up, trying to figure out
how to—I see AI chip manufacturing closer than what you think.
It's long-term chess games.
Cuba.
What do you think that guy's doing
in the CIA, Braden?
He's warning
because
there's a mixture there.
There
are
things tied to
Kennedy—the
files, remember the files? They're
tied to Kennedy and the Cuban
Missile Crisis. The files are tied to
Cuba. Remember the
Kennedy curse?
The files are tied to Kennedy and Cuba.
The
CIA
is
all linked together.
They
connect the dots:
Cuba, Canada, the Kennedy
files,
the Cuban Missile Crisis,
how it all was with Castro
and
the lead encasing.
There's something much darker here.
The Lord says there
are
actually things on
Cuba.
I'm going to
avoid that.
It's
the CIA program
they're talking about,
something deeper
with buildings.
That's what they don't
want to talk about.
There's something so dark.
Oh, what a
tangled web we weave when we
try to deceive.
It's
starting to lift off
my eyes.
We praise you, Father.
We
sing
praises
to your name,
oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. Something is attached to Key West. In
fact, it's something attached to Key West with the Kennedys, attached to Cuba. As the Lord said, 'Praises
to your name,
oh Lord,
for your name is great
and greatly
to be
praised.'I
sing
praises
to your name,
oh Lord.
Praises
to your name,
oh Lord,
for your name is great
and greatly
to be praised.
I see
New York, and fires are all in New
York. Fires
in the buildings.
This is real fire.
There'll be fires in the subway.
And
I see that demonic figure on the
buildings. I see the demonic figure on
the Empire State Building. I see a
projection on the Empire State
Building—a
demonic devil on the building with a
Palestinian flag in the days
ahead.
And there's holes in the Statue of
Liberty. They try to put holes with fire
in the Statue of Liberty, but
this is symbolic.
This would try to come on the land. This is
what you do to
try to
combat it. The
rebirthing—do
you see the baby? A
rebirthing.
Trying to combat it
because the deep state is there today.
You say
it's the darkness
of Agenda 2030. Even what's going on
with the king, you see it? The Lord
said, 'Just because it's not
with the government, it's with my church.'The rebirthing
is with the
church.
Church
and
government are two different
things.
A rebirthing of my church, a revival
in my church, a shaking in the land
when you saw that thing go across the
land. So you say, 'Do you
understand what he's saying?'Brandon is saying,
'I hear
it.'What
I'm
saying by the spirit of the Lord is
everything's okay.
He's talking about a covenant that he
made with the pilgrims, with the
early church over America, and he's
talking about a birthing in the church.
You're looking at the
government as a birthing.
You've
got to separate the government from
the church.
He's not talking about a rebirthing of
America. He's talking about the birthing
of the church, a revival, a
reawakening
unto God in the church.
Does that make sense? People try to
bring politics and religion,
politics and Christianity. They're
mixed; they're one. He's
saying a revival, a shaking in my church,
and a shaking in America—two different
things. It's the church
in America,
but you look at it as if we're just
one. Everybody has to get along,
the Democrats and Republicans, and we're
all going to just be friends and
hold hands and have s'mores.
No.
A church is going to rise up with a
backbone like a crowbar, and a glorious
church is going to rise up. But the
church doesn't represent
a country. A church is a church, the
glorious church.
We are in the country—in Israel,
America, Asia—we're in
these places. A major revival,
a major awakening
to shake it,
a
rebirthing
of a church to wake up.
But everybody's looking at it going,
'Well, I guess that means
Trump and all this.'No, no.
Separate the thinking. You've never seen
what's about to happen before.
We're going to have everybody
singing praises in the White House.
I'm just looking for Jesus. I'm not
looking for Trump.
And the Lord said, 'Pray for these
leaders, Byron and Rubio.'So don't
mix what I'm trying to say.
I'm telling you,
a
shaking's coming to this land, but the
church will look beautiful and
bells are ringing. The
church bells are ringing.
Does that make sense what I'm saying?
I pray with all my heart that I relay
with
good accuracy how I'm
hearing it and how I see it so that they're
able to catch it, because you have people
that are just dull of hearing about a
revival and what God's doing. I don't
look at the church as America. I don't
look at the church as Asia. I look
at the church as the church.
When
Charles
Finney—no,
what's the guy?
Tommy Hicks.
Tommy
Hicks'vision
about the glorious church rising was a
giant. It didn't involve
a government. God's taking down
denominational barriers
between Baptists, Methodists, Catholics,
Episcopalians, whatever you want to call
yourself. He said, 'You will function as
a
body.'He's
taking those dividing walls down, like
when
he just talked about the
racism and the slaves and all the things
that happened in America. Calling back
the slave labor by faith that your
ancestors worked for, the seeds they
sowed to help build America,
and the things that the Lord said,
'Calling that
back.'And
it was interesting because it was coming
through in the spirit. I was thinking
of
Byron.
He said a true
African-American—Obama
was mixed; his mother was white.
I don't try to get into racism and all
this stuff, but I'm just being
real with what the Holy Spirit is
saying. He says calling these things
back—not
racism—calling
back what was stolen. The enemy
has to pay back what was stolen.
When the thief has been found,
tell him to repay it and
make
a wrong right.
Call it back.
Does that make sense?
It's spiritual.
The seeds you sowed in the past will
come to harvest at last.
Slave labor is wrong. Calling
back the seeds, calling back the heart,
and this was with the
Native Americans too—things that were
stolen, things that were happening. Do
you understand? And the Lord said, 'I'm
going to restore back the
wages.'Calling
it back.
Wealth transfer. Believe it.
It's time for your house to be paid off.
It's time for you to have your car paid
off. It's time for the abundance, for
the wealth of the sinners laid up for
the righteous. And what the devil meant
for bad, God's going to turn it around
for good for your generation if you
believe him for it. Say, 'I receive
it.'You've
got to believe it. It's not a victim
mentality; it's a receiving
mentality. I have my hands open, God.
I'm underneath that open heaven
because
my heart's right. I forgave them.
But God, it doesn't mean it's not time
for retribution,
restoration,
and
restitution.
I receive, Lord, everything you have for
me.
'I'm making a wrong right,'He says.
God's a God of restoring what the
cankerworm
ate.
But you've got to believe it and get out
of offense and say, 'I'm not
offended.
I'm in an open heaven.
I forgive the idiots that did stuff,
but God, you're good and you're going to
pour
out your mercies on me and my
household.
And I receive, Father, what my family
was robbed
of—the
seeds and the harvest from the
seeds they sowed in the past. You'll
reap at last. You've got to believe it.
I believe it's time for the wealth
transfer.
There's good days ahead for the body of
Christ. This is not doom and
gloom. It's time for the church
to realize who we are and take back what
the devil has stolen and say, 'Listen,
it's like me. My daughter is overcoming
autism all these years, and
I've spent countless money and filed
bankruptcy trying to help her.'And I
say, 'What the devil meant for bad, God's
going to restore it back.'Do you
understand? And I'm saying, 'God, you're
going to turn it.'But not only that,
but with interest. Believe for interest.
I want interest.
The bank—if you don't pay
your taxes, the IRS wants interest. So
why not you call interest? God, I want
interest. If the government can get
interest off of us, God, I want interest
from the devil's kingdom. I want
retribution with interest.
Thank you, Father. God's not broke.
The devil's not broke either. Look
around you.
I'm tired of it; I'm fed up with
this. We're not going
to allow him to rob us no more. I'm
calling it in the name of Jesus. Call
it in. Receive it by faith. Open heaven.
I live in an open heaven. I'm underneath
that spout where the glory comes out.
The glory is going to flow over me, and
it's going to be over peace and joy and
patience. It's going to flow over my
marriage. It's going to flow over my
kids. I call rest. I call my kids out of
the kingdom of darkness and into the
light. I'm calling my kids saved.
I believe it, and we're going to see
great days ahead of us for the church:
healings, demonstrations, and
manifestations of the glory.
Why not me? Why not you? Why not now?
Why are we always believing for
tomorrow?
I believe for today.
We love you, and we're so thankful
that you came out today. I know it was
earlier—it's
a little
different—but
I feel a release.
We pray over our president today as he's
traveling home or wherever he's at. We
call for wisdom over his mind that he
takes no counsel from the ungodly. We
pray over his mind. We pray over all
this stuff that's going on with the CIA
and all this. Father, I thank you that
no
rock they can hide under, no cave
they can hide in. Father, that you will
expose the darkness within, that you'll
expose it, the church will rise up, and
we will be that glorious church that's
beautiful before you, Father.
You're calling the bride to your side.
Father, I pray over Don Jr., Eric,
Tiffany, Barron, and Ivanka, and even Kai,
his
granddaughter. We pray a
protection around them that no weapon
formed against them will prosper. A
thousand shall fall at their side,
10,000 at their right hand, but nothing
shall come nigh them. I pray over
President Trump that he's covered by the
blood. And Father, over Marco Rubio and
over Byron and over JD Vance. I pray
for protection over their minds, Father,
that they will be the leaders that they
need to be over this nation. And I pray
over Benjamin and over Israel. We pray
for the peace of Jerusalem. We pray for
the leadership. We thank you, Lord
Father, that you correct those that need
to be corrected. And Father, you'll make
right the wrongs that need
to be made right. You'll make it happen.
And I thank you, Father, that the
church—the
pastors, the
preachers, the teachers, the
evangelists, the
prophets—will
rise up and teach the people the meat of
the word. And they'll teach repentance.
And they'll teach that it's time to get
right with God because you're coming
sooner than later. And I thank you,
Lord, that they'll have an
urgency inside of them as
the caution lights are flashing all
around them, that they'll have eyes to
see and ears to hear what the spirit is
saying in Jesus'name. We believe we
receive it. And Father, we give you
praise and glory for it. And everybody
say, "Amen."Thank you for joining us
today. We pray this video blessed you.
We pray you got something out of it and
you feel refreshed. And we'll be back
again tomorrow.
Thank you for joining us. God bless you.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a
song in your heart. Jesus loves you, and
we love you. God bless you all and see
you again. Bye-bye.